README.md, before:

## Charly Mannion

[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/charly-mannion-75483523/) |
[Github](https://github.com/CharlyMannion) | [Skills](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/CMannion_CV#skills) | [Education](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/CMannion_CV#education) | [Experience](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/CMannion_CV#experience)

I am a full stack developer and current student at Northcoders, a Coding Bootcamp. I am a flexible thinker, a keen learner, and I have a curiosity for both peeople and tech. I am drawn to coding as I find the problem-solving and collaborative working style to be fun, rewarding and satisfying. I am excited to start my first role after a period absence from work due to personal matters. This experience strengthened my resolve to become a skilled engineer.

## Projects
| Title | Description | Development Timeframe | Technologies Used | Test Suites/CIs/CDs Employed |
|--|--|--|--|--|
|[Airport](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/airport_solo) | A programme that allows an Air Traffic Controller to manage the take off and landing of planes at multiple airports. | 2 days | Ruby | Rspec, Rubocop |
| [soloBNB](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/soloBNB) | An Air BnB clone that allows  users to post property listings to a public stream. This project is built using the Ruby on Rails Web Framework, and integrates a database.| 1 week | Ruby on Rails, HTML, Ruby, Spring | Rspec, Capybara, BCrypt|
| [Acebook](https://github.com/anderscodes/mother_acebook) | A clone of Facebook written in Java, Spring and React. | 8 days | Java, Spring, React, Heroku | Nightwatch, Junit, Jest |

## Skills

#### Pragmatic, FLexible Thinker


#### Fast Learner

In my previous job at RBS, I joined a team initially consisting of only two people, on a Project where I was considered an SME for Ringtail E-Discovery software. I had never used this software before and did not have a technical background. But through research and writing how-to guides as I learnt, I was able to quickly solidify my understanding. This also meant I was soon able to teach other people on the project how to use the software.

#### Excellent Communicator

When working at RBS, I was required to explain, or 'demistify' the technology we were using to those in decision making positions that were less technically minded. This helped these stakeholders recognise the value of the work my team was doing. This experience showed me the importance of open and patient communication with others, and I think it will serve me well in my future career as a software developer.

## Education

#### Northcoders (August 2020 to December 2020)

I am currently enrolled in Northcoders' remote Developer Pathway course, and will graduate in November 2020. Northcoders is a multi-award winning bootcamp, where I intend to hone the skills required to become a full-stack software developer.

* Fundamentals and Best Practice: TDD, pair programming, OOP, Agile, UX
* Languages: Javacript, HTML/CSS
* Web Frameworks/ libraries: Express, React
* Runtime environments: node.js
* Databases: PostgreSQL, SQL
* Testing Suites: Jest, Mocha/Chai, Jasmine
* CI/CD: Heroku

#### Makers Academy (March 2018 to July 2018)

I had no prior coding experience when I started Makers Academy. But I embraced this opportunity to work hard and learn something new every day.

As well as learning to code, Makers equipped me with a good mindset and attitude to code through behaviours such as OOP, TDD, Pair programming, XP Values.

* Languages: Ruby, Swift, Java, HTML/CSS
* Web Frameworks: Sinatra, Spring, node.js/Express
* Databases: PostgreSQL
* Testing Suites: RSpec, Capybara, Selenium-Webdriver
* CI/CD: Travis CI, Heroku

#### The University of Edinburgh (September 2011 to July 2015)

- (MA) Master of Arts, with Honours History
- First Class Honours
- Received the Anne Lewis Award for Academic Achievement in my final year

#### Chartered Institute of Management Accounting (CIMA) Certificate (September 2016 to June 2017)
- Completed modules in the Fundamentals of Management Accounting, Financial Accounting, and Ethics, Corporate Governance and Business Law

#### St Peter's School, York (September 2006 to July 2011)
- A Levels: 3 As in Maths, History and Politics
- British Maths Olympiad Gold 2011
- GCSE: 9A* (including Maths, Science and English), 1A

## Experience

#### RBS (June 2017 to March 2018) - *Business Analyst and Ringtail SME*
- Part of the team administering Ringtail E-Discovery software to a Bank Project
- Acted as the liaison between the Bank and the Software Vendor
- Solely responsible for solving the day-to-day problems of the 450 software users on the Project, and handling user queries
- Ran weekly stakehodler meetings with workstream leads to approve software changes
- Responsible for smaller software builds, required to tailor the software to the Project's unique needs

#### EY (September 2016 to June 2017) - *Technology Consultant, Finanical Services*
- Part of the Advisory Consultant Programme 2016 Intake
- Aligned to the technology stream
- Worked on a Project to deliver the strategy for the future of the UK Payments Industry
- Invited to attend the EY EACN Training event in Rome in 2017, which focused on client presentations and project management
- Received technology stream specific training, including basic SQL and Blue Prism
- Helped develop unconscious bias training for the technology stream

## Hobbies
* Crotchet & Embroidery
* Bouldering & Climbing
* Film Photography


## Contact Me
<p align="center">

<a href="mailto:charlottemannion100@gmail.com">
<img src="https://cdn2.iconfinder.com/data/icons/social-icons-circular-color/512/gmail-128.png" alt="medium" hspace="50" height="42" width="42"></a>


<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/charly-mannion-75483523/">
<img src="https://www.iconfinder.com/data/icons/free-social-icons/67/linkedin_circle_color-512.png" alt="linkedin" hspace="50" height="42" width="42"></a>

</p>

Commit message:

minor update = puts back in teamwork

README.md, after:

## Charly Mannion

[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/charly-mannion-75483523/) |
[Github](https://github.com/CharlyMannion) | [Skills](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/CMannion_CV#skills) | [Education](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/CMannion_CV#education) | [Experience](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/CMannion_CV#experience)

I am a full stack developer and current student at Northcoders, a Coding Bootcamp. I am a flexible thinker, a keen learner, and I have a curiosity for both peeople and tech. I am drawn to coding as I find the problem-solving and collaborative working style to be fun, rewarding and satisfying. I am excited to start my first role after a period absence from work due to personal matters. This experience strengthened my resolve to become a skilled engineer.

## Projects
| Title | Description | Development Timeframe | Technologies Used | Test Suites/CIs/CDs Employed |
|--|--|--|--|--|
|[Airport](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/airport_solo) | A programme that allows an Air Traffic Controller to manage the take off and landing of planes at multiple airports. | 2 days | Ruby | Rspec, Rubocop |
| [soloBNB](https://github.com/CharlyMannion/soloBNB) | An Air BnB clone that allows  users to post property listings to a public stream. This project is built using the Ruby on Rails Web Framework, and integrates a database.| 1 week | Ruby on Rails, HTML, Ruby, Spring | Rspec, Capybara, BCrypt|
| [Acebook](https://github.com/anderscodes/mother_acebook) | A clone of Facebook written in Java, Spring and React. | 8 days | Java, Spring, React, Heroku | Nightwatch, Junit, Jest |

## Skills

#### Teamwork
Our first team challenge at Makers was to build an Airbnb clone in vanilla javascript. The set up of the project proved to be challenging. But by ensuring my team stuck to daily stand ups, check-ins and retros, I ensured the team remained cohesive, focused on our objectives. This ensured that there was room for fun. The most important skill I learned during this week was how to work well in a dev team. I took this with me in to the rest of my time at Makers.

#### Fast Learner

In my previous job at RBS, I joined a team initially consisting of only two people, on a Project where I was considered an SME for Ringtail E-Discovery software. I had never used this software before and did not have a technical background. But through research and writing how-to guides as I learnt, I was able to quickly solidify my understanding. This also meant I was soon able to teach other people on the project how to use the software.

#### Excellent Communicator

When working at RBS, I was required to explain, or 'demistify' the technology we were using to those in decision making positions that were less technically minded. This helped these stakeholders recognise the value of the work my team was doing. This experience showed me the importance of open and patient communication with others, and I think it will serve me well in my future career as a software developer.

## Education

#### Northcoders (August 2020 to December 2020)

I am currently enrolled in Northcoders' remote Developer Pathway course, and will graduate in November 2020. Northcoders is a multi-award winning bootcamp, where I intend to hone the skills required to become a full-stack software developer.

* Fundamentals and Best Practice: TDD, pair programming, OOP, Agile, UX
* Languages: Javacript, HTML/CSS
* Web Frameworks/ libraries: Express, React
* Runtime environments: node.js
* Databases: PostgreSQL, SQL
* Testing Suites: Jest, Mocha/Chai, Jasmine
* CI/CD: Heroku

#### Makers Academy (March 2018 to July 2018)

I had no prior coding experience when I started Makers Academy. But I embraced this opportunity to work hard and learn something new every day.

As well as learning to code, Makers equipped me with a good mindset and attitude to code through behaviours such as OOP, TDD, Pair programming, XP Values.

* Languages: Ruby, Swift, Java, HTML/CSS
* Web Frameworks: Sinatra, Spring, node.js/Express
* Databases: PostgreSQL
* Testing Suites: RSpec, Capybara, Selenium-Webdriver
* CI/CD: Travis CI, Heroku

#### The University of Edinburgh (September 2011 to July 2015)

- (MA) Master of Arts, with Honours History
- First Class Honours
- Received the Anne Lewis Award for Academic Achievement in my final year

#### Chartered Institute of Management Accounting (CIMA) Certificate (September 2016 to June 2017)
- Completed modules in the Fundamentals of Management Accounting, Financial Accounting, and Ethics, Corporate Governance and Business Law

#### St Peter's School, York (September 2006 to July 2011)
- A Levels: 3 As in Maths, History and Politics
- British Maths Olympiad Gold 2011
- GCSE: 9A* (including Maths, Science and English), 1A

## Experience

#### RBS (June 2017 to March 2018) - *Business Analyst and Ringtail SME*
- Part of the team administering Ringtail E-Discovery software to a Bank Project
- Acted as the liaison between the Bank and the Software Vendor
- Solely responsible for solving the day-to-day problems of the 450 software users on the Project, and handling user queries
- Ran weekly stakehodler meetings with workstream leads to approve software changes
- Responsible for smaller software builds, required to tailor the software to the Project's unique needs

#### EY (September 2016 to June 2017) - *Technology Consultant, Finanical Services*
- Part of the Advisory Consultant Programme 2016 Intake
- Aligned to the technology stream
- Worked on a Project to deliver the strategy for the future of the UK Payments Industry
- Invited to attend the EY EACN Training event in Rome in 2017, which focused on client presentations and project management
- Received technology stream specific training, including basic SQL and Blue Prism
- Helped develop unconscious bias training for the technology stream

## Hobbies
* Crotchet & Embroidery
* Bouldering & Climbing
* Film Photography


## Contact Me
<p align="center">

<a href="mailto:charlottemannion100@gmail.com">
<img src="https://cdn2.iconfinder.com/data/icons/social-icons-circular-color/512/gmail-128.png" alt="medium" hspace="50" height="42" width="42"></a>


<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/charly-mannion-75483523/">
<img src="https://www.iconfinder.com/data/icons/free-social-icons/67/linkedin_circle_color-512.png" alt="linkedin" hspace="50" height="42" width="42"></a>

</p>
